the coa the doctor in the institution
it depersonalizes such point of losing the identity of the thesis name is no longer the
Mr. Julián Álvarez but the patient the three bed that took him
four
even worse
helens risky fisichella
the false criminal
or even worse the potassium of the cream 5 be
increasingly more biochemical
what if there is less
well informed
for the mayor
in fact the classes that only went in that limbo do not give in the ass
kiko medical clinic residents
and what we try is for example
in the guard passes
In the hospital clinic room, it is no longer possible to go to 8 kaman 4
but this susana fernandez is passed
sixty-something years enters by Jose Lemos recovered the identity in the
name the patient
pelton processes led seltzer ten years working to make this happen
Lukashenko did not doubt is fundamentally based on the link between the
patient and month
this happens
it was not like that
Poland is a phenomenon that has to do with technology
with the strong imprint of the laboratories the methods
complementary
this citation of the patient is not profitable
doctor loses time with the patient and the patient does not have time for the
medium
economically highly profitable locke complementary methods
at least the adventure of the ogre
the technology
before this has come to replace the link between the patient
and the doctor for the studies
Kosovo or medications
it takes less time if the patient arrives, I did not review it, do not talk about a precept
that a study is determined
If you earn more money
on this path
economic and cultural pressure banesto
we contacted
percent and incinerated good
including him
even the owner of every three are using it to teach and your pulse of the
patient trustee with the book
but I am sure that in the end he has fallen ill he has let me know yet
did not know what
ibm also light
I think you can not fall for stormont sector and employment
considers it a struggle
the uneven
in the folder
this path is done by walking open
he thinks that many Russian colleagues do not think the same
dazzling world light
but that is unequal no doubt a timely raised distinctive path
what draws attention
and is that they start to decrease
I feel that we have a very different machine Malvinas
it is a text related
and who goes through the division efe soto lied quoted sebin occupy a space
that evidently the society of Córdoba capital
he has claimed this week
attend me low
srl that has made the book today
100 thousand córdobas that his son
Yes sir
with a burst
Conversely
morals are unknown
in the right way and that is entertaining
they are not usually young they would have
sympathetic to the tragedy
the new personal survival mechanism
give it being something
tarrés ortelli
it was an unfortunate question as a horseman referents a healer
only the doctor who cures by word and in fact has done it always and what is
50%
create air consciousness
credibility if the person has
in its merit
and while current medicine promotes madness
today in palma soriano paz referred to the alternative measurement but duckling
healer because they hear it
he said that he is well cared for
so I think that
the value of the word and the word the doctor
yes what I wanted
the law of values
that's why it's the center sense
not for this disease
a lot of gravity